# java-tetris
Repository for the development of Java Tetris. This project is for our CSCI 1082 (Object-Oriented Programming) class.

Java TETRIS 
By: Anthony Narlock, Matthew Sherohman, Kevin Lin
**************
   README:
**************
Java Tetris will feature a fully developed Java version of the popular game Tetris. The user will have access to modify starting level which changes the speed of the game depending on what starting level is selected. 

The game itself will utilize two-dimensional arrays to hold values for the Tetris grid. When a piece object is placed, the value of the specific area in the array will change. And of course, when a "line clear" is displayed (A whole row in the array, or board, is filled with the pieces) the line will clear and score will be kept.

Java Tetris will also feature:
- A GUI in which potrays the board and selection options for user.
- A KeyListener in which the user can direct the pieces of the game via the keyboard
- A score counter, which determines the user's score. A high-score number will be obtained and saved to a file along with the name of the user with the high score. (When the program is re-opened, the high-score will be the same)
- "Next Piece" feature which shows the user the next piece that will appear, this will also be generated by the program and will appear somewhere in the GUI.
- A piece counter. This will show the amount of times the user has recieved a specific piece. There will be a specific piece counter for every piece in the game.
- A Line counter: shows the user how many lines they have cleared (either 1-4 lines at a time, 4 lines being a tetris)
